plan for the worst
i'm here to work i'm cobalt free miranda
i've done my hip rehab i'm better than
ever
just tell me deluca is no longer a
resident we have a dissection
uh i gotta go babe i love you
[Applause]
altman is it still altman
yep still all men so no one goes through
these doors without full
ppe which is in short supply yes it goes
against everything
cindy wright the girl he said was being
trafficked
it appears he was right she's here
i need sex i need a sex
favor a sexual favor
the people in this room love you respect
you and care about you
and they want you to know that every
life i have ever saved if i could just
not
feel like this i know i'm not okay
if you can get over the mortification
and stop treating me like crap i figure
we're all good
can we just pretend it never happens i
had a healthy baby with a woman i'm
crazy about
it's all good that you need to get over
this stubborn
ego stubborn pride and go call and claim
the woman that you love you're not
telling me
tom sometimes the crisis proves bigger
than anyone maybe stay on his neuro
attending
but i'm accepting your resignation as
chief of chiefs will accept his job
as chief of chiefs and my apologies
for everything i've done to her
boyfriend and i get it if you say no but
my thing is that you just need some
stress relief i don't want to talk to
him
so sorry i will do anything you say to
fix this i don't want to lose our family
i want you to run away
and you don't say no you don't say that
you don't want to you don't say that you
can't because you love me or even
because you have a family
[Music]
one slip something
richard webber here chief medical
officer for the katherine fox foundation
residents will not be able to go into
rooms with coveted positive pages wants
to leave to go to a hotel her pulse ox
is above 92 percent her abg
looks good hey hey hey okay okay
turn her over one two three maybe you
were expecting dr
webber but today is a day of many
surprises
shh amelia you'll increase your heart
rate why can't i get anywhere
you're worried about the kids i don't
understand
the sand isn't real meredith we need to
talk about your p.o.a
i know what alex careb means to you i
know he would have your best
interest at heart but he is halfway
across the country
the past few months haven't been easy
for me you weren't
here right now because you broke me
again you tested positive for cobalt 19.
funny kick a man when he's different
do you want me to have your p.o.a and
not maggie or amelia
you've known me my whole life you don't
want to be put on events
there's
[Music]
in manhattan is doing a trial with
monoclonal antibodies for covalent we
got room for two more patients but we
gotta jump on it
george what are you doing here
derek said the sand isn't real yeah nope
neither is the ocean it is nice though
is in a really dark place and seems like
he could use a friend
stress do you still dance it out
no not so much anymore
[Music]
my husband left me the same year
that we got married i need is friendship
and
sex i am not like really
not looking for a relationship
you changed my life george i didn't say
it then
but it's true kind storm's leveling off
too
look at her crp ferritin that is great
he's getting coherent and disoriented
i just saw him two days ago he was
supposed to stop what you're doing and
get to silver villas
to grab your mom and dad i've been
trying to call the front office but
they're not answering mom
i haven't delivered you i don't care
part right
we'll talk you through it the love of
his life
won't make it through the night okay oh
my gosh
okay
okay i love you i love you so much
sweetheart so if you want to have
nothing to do with me then you are just
gonna have to get
all better and tell me yourself because
oh my god tom
tom tom can you hear me what if i
changed change what careers
programs is that insane it's time
and if you don't go in i promise you
will never forgive yourself
really that's incredible seattle prayers
has reached capacity
which means we should expect to receive
about twice the patience per day
converting this cafeteria to covet
overflow tonight and the girls who broke
into my house and set fire to it
it could have burned alive in there he's
human garbage hit these coughs off me i
wanted to be in a room where no one was
dying
everyone's dying
that is my name for child trafficking
security detain her
cheer of course
i'm just so proud of you deluca managing
your mental health
taking your meds
um give me a wheelchair alice in my
allison
i was in love with her and she was in
love with me we were so
i know that it's connected and i know
you well enough to know that you
you need the whole story and i just want
you to know that i love you and i
love our kids turns out i just never
really knew you oh and that's not true
you know what true
is teddy we named our daughter
after a lie her sets are plummeting she
was fine
until she got out of bed and tried to
resuscitate a coding patient
meredith's lungs are at a breaking point
do it
are you real i told you the long
distance thing wasn't working for me
open your eyes people she's selling
human beings
i let her out of the hospital once i'm
not doing it again
but i'm driving
[Music]
why can't i get anywhere you're worried
about the kids
i don't understand the sand isn't real
meredith
we need to talk about your p.o.a i know
what alex korev means to you
and i know he would have your best
interest at heart
but he is halfway across the country the
past few months haven't been easy
for me you weren't here right now
because
you broke me again you tested positive
for kobe 19.
funny kick a man when he's down do you
want me to have your p.o.a
and not maggie or amelia you've known me
my whole life
you don't want to be put on an event
there's a shortage i don't want to take
one
in manhattan is doing a trial with
monoclonal antibodies for covalent we
got room for two more patients but we
gotta jump on it
george what are you doing here
derek said the sand isn't real yeah nope
neither is the ocean it is nice though
wait the dr
karasik is in a really dark place and
seems like he could use a friend
stress do you still dance it out
no not so much anymore enough
[Music]
my husband left me the same year
that we got married i need is friendship
and
sex i am not like really
not looking for a relationship
you changed my life george i didn't say
it then
but it's true slightly kind storm's
leveling off too
look at her crp ferritin that is
great he's getting coherent and
disoriented i just saw him two days ago
he was supposed to stop what you're
doing and get to silver villas
to grab your mom and dad i've been
trying to call the front office but
they're not answering
mom i haven't delivered it
i don't care part right we'll talk you
through it the love of his life
won't make it through the night okay oh
my gosh
okay
okay i love you i love you so much
sweetheart so if you want to have
nothing to do with me then you are just
going to have to get all better and tell
me yourself because
oh my god tom tom tom can you hear me
what if i changed change what careers
programs is that insane it's time
and if you don't go in i promise you
will never forgive yourself me
feel this way
my girl
[Music]
mayor's awake but really that's
incredible
seattle prayers has reached capacity
which means
we should expect to receive about twice
the patients per day
converting this cafeteria to covet
overflow tonight
the girls who broke into my house and
set fire to it it kind of burned alive
in there he's human garbage get these
puffs off he wanted to be in a room
where no one was dying
see everyone's dying
[Music]
of course i'm just so proud of you
deluca
managing your mental health taking your
meds
[Music]
home give me a wheelchair alice
in my allison i was
in love with her and she was in love
with me we were so
i know that it's connected and i know
you well enough to know that you
you need the whole story i just want you
to know that i love you and i
love our kids turns out i just never
really knew you oh and that's not true
you know what truth is teddy
we named our daughter after a lie her
thoughts are plummeting
she was fine until she got out of bed
and tried to resuscitate a coding
patient meredith's lungs are at a
breaking point
do it
are you real i told you the long
distance thing wasn't working for me
open your eyes people she's selling
human beings
i let her out of the hospital once i'm
not doing it again
but but i'm driving
[Music]
you